Fixed Engine versions from 1.5-exp to 1.1 (#1462)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: mppm_versioned_docs/version-1.3.3/install.md

description: How to install Multiplayer Play Mode
---

> You can use this version of Multiplayer Play Mode in Unity Editor versions 6000.1.0b1 or later.

Reviewer: 1.3.3 min version is 6000.0.22f1

Source is the package json for the 1.3.x branch :
"unity": "6000.0",
	"unityRelease": "22f1",

Author: Thanks for catching this ! 
```suggestion
You can use this version of Multiplayer Play Mode in Unity Editor versions 6000.0.22f1 or later.
```
